# cse-183-team-project
Flashcards
# emails
mchen146@ucsc.edu Jalva100@ucsc.edu nwong17@ucsc.edu Mtan42@ucsc.edu bquang@ucsc.edu
# description
This is a flashcard app. The main function will be to find decks and be able to study each card and flip them. You can create your own decks and add cards to them. Cards can contain text and images. Decks can be set to public or private. You can view all your decks in your profile page. You can also add tags to your decks to make them easier to search. When studying, you can view the cards in order or shuffle them. There can also be a way to auto sort cards based on how much you struggle on specific cards, meaning it can show cards you struggle with more often than those you think are easy. You can also combine multiple decks during a study session, while the original decks remain unchanged. If cards are tagged, you can also spawn a composite deck of cards based on a certain selector.
# main pages
Sketches: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bG1MpbpZuVgnCje2CVgHCXiv5YPz7i0XJo8IA7Ov3ak/edit?usp=sharing. The decks page contains all the decks you have created. It could also contain public decks that you have favorited. The view deck page is for viewing a specific deck. The study button will bring you to the studying page. In the settings, you can delete or edit the deck. This edit deck page is for editing deck data and adding or removing cards. Card editing method is subject to change, but for now it will follow a table structure. The study page is where you go through each card one at a time. You can flip it by clicking on the card. You can determine whether it is easy, allright, or difficult. This will determine how often the card comes up later.
# data tables
There will be a table for deck info, which contains the deck meta data such as title, number of cards, privacy, settings, and tags. It will also contain a pointer to the deck data itself. The deck data table will have the array of card data for each card. Card data will contain text for each side of the card. There will also be a table for user data. User data will contain personal deck data that has the user’s progress in the deck, as well as the difficulty marked for each card, referenced with an id.
# user stories
A typical user will want to create a flashcard deck to study some terms. They log in to the site to find a deck that has the terms they need to study. If none exists, they decide to create their own deck. They go to their profile and press the New button. This brings them to a deck edit page where they can change the title and add cards in the table. Once they finish, they save and choose to keep it private, so only they can see it. They can go to the View Deck page and start studying. They flip through each card, and based on how easy it was to remember, they press one of the corresponding buttons. They see that difficult terms show up more often, and it helps them memorize it. 
# implementation plan
This plan is fluid. Work will generally be split into specific page design (colors, button placement, overall aesthetic, interaction guides, etc.), HTML user experience programming (animations, button interactions, etc.), and backend programming (managing requests, reading and writing from database, etc.). For part one, we will implement the database functionality, and basic essential pages with working features, even if the design is not polished yet. The functionality will be scoped to just going through each card, being able to edit and create your deck, and viewing all your decks. For part two, we will work on polishing the design and adding more functionality, like searching for decks with a search bar, card sorting, and combining cards and/or decks. For part three, we will continue to polish as much as we can.
